# MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Ralf Quast

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Hiermit wird unentgeltlich jeder Person, die eine Kopie der Software und der
zugehörigen Dokumentationen (die "Software") erhält, die Erlaubnis erteilt,
sie uneingeschränkt zu nutzen, inklusive und ohne Ausnahme mit dem Recht, sie
zu verwenden, zu kopieren, zu verändern, zusammenzufügen, zu veröffentlichen,
zu verbreiten, zu unterlizenzieren und/oder zu verkaufen, und Personen, denen
diese Software überlassen wird, diese Rechte zu verschaffen, unter den
folgenden Bedingungen:

Der obige Urheberrechtsvermerk und dieser Erlaubnisvermerk sind in allen
Kopien oder Teilkopien der Software beizulegen.

DIE SOFTWARE WIRD OHNE JEDE AUSDRÜCKLICHE ODER IMPLIZIERTE GARANTIE
BEREITGESTELLT, EINSCHLIESSLICH DER GARANTIE ZUR BENUTZUNG FÜR DEN 
VORGESEHENEN ODER EINEM BESTIMMTEN ZWECK SOWIE JEGLICHER RECHTSVERLETZUNG,
JEDOCH NICHT DARAUF BESCHRÄNKT. IN KEINEM FALL SIND DIE AUTOREN ODER 
COPYRIGHTINHABER FÜR JEGLICHEN SCHADEN ODER SONSTIGE ANSPRÜCHE HAFTBAR ZU
MACHEN, OB INFOLGE DER ERFÜLLUNG EINES VERTRAGES, EINES DELIKTES ODER ANDERS
IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT DER SOFTWARE ODER SONSTIGER VERWENDUNG DER SOFTWARE
ENTSTANDEN.

Se concede permiso, de forma gratuita, a cualquier persona que obtenga una
copia de este software y de los archivos de documentación asociados (el 
"Software"), para utilizar el Software sin restricción, incluyendo sin
limitación los derechos a usar, copiar, modificar, fusionar, publicar, 
distribuir, sublicenciar, y/o vender copias del Software, y a permitir a las
personas a las que se les proporcione el Software a hacer lo mismo, sujeto a
las siguientes condiciones:

El aviso de copyright anterior y este aviso de permiso se incluirán en todas
las copias o partes sustanciales del Software.

EL SOFTWARE SE PROPORCIONA "TAL CUAL", SIN GARANTÍA DE NINGÚN TIPO, EXPRESA O
IMPLÍCITA, INCLUYENDO PERO NO LIMITADO A GARANTÍAS DE COMERCIALIZACIÓN,
IDONEIDAD PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR Y NO INFRACCIÓN. EN NINGÚN CASO LOS
AUTORES O TITULARES DEL COPYRIGHT SERÁN RESPONSABLES DE NINGUNA RECLAMACIÓN,
DAÑOS U OTRAS RESPONSABILIDADES, YA SEA EN UNA ACCIÓN DE CONTRATO, AGRAVIO O
CUALQUIER OTRO MOTIVO, QUE SURJA DE O EN CONEXIÓN CON EL SOFTWARE O EL USO U
OTRO TIPO DE ACCIONES EN EL SOFTWARE.
